---
layout: post
title: "Thai Food"
date:   2014-07-19 16:26:00
---

Many people will know that o absolutely love food; I watch cooking shows, I save interesting recipes, and I even occasionally try my hand at cooking. So when we were planning to come to Thailand I was really excited to try all the new and different types of food and for the past month that's exactly what I've been doing.

<!--more-->

One of the things we very quickly noticed is that Thai food is very sweet, when you think of food in North America you think of a savory dish with a sweet dessert. Most of our meals here have had a decent amount of sweetness to them, and on top we've even seen some people add more sugar to their meals!

What really freaked us out was that recently we had a craving for some american food and so we found a chain restaurant that specializes in burgers and decided to have one. The burger itself was pretty good, the bun was a little sweet but overall it was a good burger; the weird part was that I was also craving some mashed potatoes which I had for a side dish. They were sweet. The gravy on top was sweet. Everything about them was sweet; it wasn't bad by any means but it was not at all what I was expecting so we had a good laugh about that.

Overall we've been enjoying the food here, it has been a very entertaining experience. We've had some that's been sweet, some that's spicy, and some that has been absolutely delicious! While we were planning the trip I had in my mind that we should have one day of just trying tonnes of different Thai food, luckily for us that has been every day.
