---
layout: page
title:  "Nervous"
date:   2014-04-19 15:00:23
---

The white fluffy clouds floating gently in the beautiful blue sky. The seaborne breeze causes the tall green trees to sway and sing out, the breeze ruffles my hair and clothing. The spray from the sea softly kissing my skin; I return to reality and realize where I am. I'm with my platoon in a small bay where there is an ancient beached pirate ship; I don't pick the fights, I just try to follow orders. The Sarge is yelling again, probably chewing someone out for screwing up. I quickly realize he is yelling at me! I stand tall and at attention, he ends with a question. I yell back, "Sir, yes sir!", "Good man!" he replies. He continues ranting to the men, I have no idea what I just volunteered for, I'm nervous.

A parachute is being strapped to my back; I volunteered to hang on for dear life to the wing of a "spitfire" fighter plane and paradrop into a nearby town. I'm to secure the town before the National Army can arrive. The fighters' engine sputters to life, one of the men smacks my pack and grunts, "Hold tight", he walks off with a smirk. Hanging on so tight I fear I might crush the wing, the plane takes off. Soaring through the air I fear for my life and yet... I am having fun! As we approach the town I can see it through the morning mist; I look at the pilot through the open canopy, smiles, mouths "Good luck", and gives me a thumbs up, I return the favour. I let go of the wing and fall back towards the earth, for a brief second I feel I am flying before my chute opens and jerks me back to reality. I hit the ground, hard. Frantically I rip the shoot from my pack and bring out my small Tommy gun; I'm nervous.

The sandbags are placed around a tree in the center of the town, in the shape of a horseshoe with a flag pole planted in the center. I slowly raise the flag of the Royal Army. The town is deserted, the only sounds are those of nature and the ones of my making. Behind me I hear the clinking of equipment and a rifle being loaded. I fumble for my gun; picking it up I frantically look around. I look north towards our HQ and then south towards the enemy HQ, nothing, I look north again; I'm nervous.

A single, deafening shot rings out echoing through the bay, sounding like the crackle of thunder; my gun falls to the ground, skittering away. I can feel the burning hole, the hole where my heart should be. I look down, my jacket wet; I touch the slowly growing wet spot, my fingers stained red. I look up at the sky, beautiful and blue; filled with clouds, fluffy and white; and the trees, tall and majestic. The breeze blows through my hair and across my skin, touching me with the sea's salty embrace. I turn around and look my enemy in the eyes, they say in the moments before death a person shows who they really are. Staring him in the eyes, before he kills me, I could see what type of person he really was. He averts his eyes looking at his rifle while he chambers a new round, bringing his rifle up to look down the barrel; he hesitates, and then pulls the trigger. The crackle of thunder rings out through the bay once more. My vision blurs and becomes dark, my mind begins to fill with black until there is nothing left save for one thought; I'm not nervous.
